[{"role":"user","content":"testing","name":"Farai","timestamp":"2025-07-11T17:46:52.075Z"},{"role":"user","content":"The recent June 2025 Meeting of SADC Ministers of Finance and Investment in Victoria Falls marked a critical turning point in the bloc’s financial trajectory. Often, regional declarations evaporate into bureaucratic inertia. Not this time. The approval of Stage 1 of the SADC Regional Development Fund (RDF), in partnership with the African Development Bank, is a tectonic signal. Southern Africa is no longer talking about cross-border investment, it's institutionalizing it. And for treasurers, institutional investors, CFOs, and the wealth management community, this development will alter how capital is priced, how portfolios are constructed, and how long-term wealth is protected and grown in the region.","name":"Tino","timestamp":"2025-07-11T17:48:18.317Z"},{"role":"user","content":"This fund is not merely another multilateral instrument. It is designed to finance regional infrastructure, industrialization programs, climate transitions, and disaster resilience through pooled contributions, development finance backing, and structured project pipelines. In parallel, SADC has reoriented the mandate of its Development Finance Resource Centre to focus on investor confidence, capital mobilization frameworks, and policy convergence. What we are witnessing is not just a bureaucratic update, it’s a strategic leap into coordinated economic sovereignty.","name":"Flex","timestamp":"2025-07-11T17:48:49.105Z"},{"role":"assistant","content":"Summary of last 3 messages:\nFarai: testing\nTino: The recent June 2025 Meeting of SADC Ministers of Finance and Investment in Victoria Falls marked a critical turning point in the bloc’s financial trajectory. Often, regional declarations evaporate into bureaucratic inertia. Not this time. The approval of Stage 1 of the SADC Regional Development Fund (RDF), in partnership with the African Development Bank, is a tectonic signal. Southern Africa is no longer talking about cross-border investment, it's institutionalizing it. And for treasurers, institutional investors, CFOs, and the wealth management community, this development will alter how capital is priced, how portfolios are constructed, and how long-term wealth is protected and grown in the region.\nFlex: This fund is not merely another multilateral instrument. It is designed to finance regional infrastructure, industrialization programs, climate transitions, and disaster resilience through pooled contributions, development finance backing, and structured project pipelines. In parallel, SADC has reoriented the mandate of its Development Finance Resource Centre to focus on investor confidence, capital mobilization frameworks, and policy convergence. What we are witnessing is not just a bureaucratic update, it’s a strategic leap into coordinated economic sovereignty.","timestamp":"2025-07-11T17:48:49.121Z"}]